README for fs2_open, Release 0.1

WARNINGS:
========
This is very much an pre-alpha build.  Don't expect too much from it!

In particular, do not run this in the same directory as existing pilot
files or anything else that you don't want to get destroyed...

I have tried to modify as little code as possible to keep the existing
Windows code from breaking, but I have not verified that this code
will still work on Windows.  Some changes may be necessary.

There are occasional crashes and segfaults from time to time.

All of this was tested on my system only.  I don't know if any
assumptions about my hardware have crept into the code.  I guess it
goes without saying that this will only work on x86-based Linux
systems :-)


STATUS:
=======
Most 2D graphics appear to be working, although very slowly.
Improving the performance of the 2D graphic system is a high priority.

3D graphics are in a very primitive state right now.  No texturing is
done, so all objects (ships, lasers, explosions, etc.) look "ghostly."

Nebula missions do not work at all.

Sound, joystick, and network are all disabled.


REQUIREMENTS:
=============
The only "non-standard" package that you will need (as far as I can
tell) is the SDL library, available at http://www.libsdl.org I think
SDL requires XFree86 release 4 or higher.


INSTALLING:
===========
There is no configure script, no options, etc. -- just a Makefile.  It
is likely that you will need to adjust it to match your configuration,
in particular the location of the SDL files.

If everything is right, you should be able to run 'make' from the
fs2_open/code directory and create an 'fs2' executable.


RUNNING:
========
The fs2 executable should be copied (or symlinked) to the same
directory as the *.VP files.  All the *.VP files that you need should
be here -- the code isn't smart enough to look in your CD for command
brief ANIs, etc.

It only runs in windowed mode, no full screen.

I have never run it in high-resolution mode (1024x768), so all bets
are off if you try it.

There seems to be a bug in some of the 'glob' routines that scan for
files in the 'data' directory, so you will have better results if you:
  1.  Keep everything in the *.VP file (i.e., no mods)
  2.  Only have one player file

I recommend that background graphics be turned off via the "Options"
screen or it will look very odd.  Your in-game framerate will be
significantly higher if you turn off (or set to 'popup') as many HUD
gauges as possible.

Due to the painful slowness of the 2D UI, you might need to hold the
mouse button down a little longer to get buttons to activate.

===

Mike Harris (HLP penguin)
02 June 2002
